Enhance DevelopmentPluginsProvider to handle plugin directories (#24128)
trinodb/trino: README.md

If `VM options` doesn't exist in the dialog, you need to select `Modify options`
and enable `Add VM options`.

> To adjust which internal plugins are enabled for the development server, adjust the value of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To adjust which plugins are enabled for the development server, adjust the value of
```

> `plugin.bundles` in `config.properties`. Each entry in this list must represent a plugin,

Reviewer: plugin specified by one of the following options:

> which can be specified by one of the following:

Reviewer: Delete line

* A path to a `pom.xml` or `*.pom` file describing a Maven project that produces a plugin

> * Maven coordinates, in the form `<groupId>:<artifactId>[:<extension>[:<classifier>]]:<version>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Maven coordinates, in the form `<groupId>:<artifactId>[:<extension>[:<classifier>]]:<version>`. Plugin is loaded via Maven and therefore must be available in your local repository or a remote repository.
```

* A path to a plugin directory containing JAR files (see [Deploying a custom plugin](https://trino.io/docs/current/develop/spi-overview.html#deploying-a-custom-plugin) for more details)

> If you want to expose a plugin as a catalog, you'll need to also add a corresponding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use a plugin in a catalog, you must add a corresponding
```
